Add page-level OpenGraph data (#1577)
rms-open-letter/rms-open-letter.github.io: index.md

---
title: An open letter to remove Richard M. Stallman from all leadership positions

> description: We, the undersigned, are calling for the removal of the entire Board of the Free Software Foundation, for its support of toxic and abusive behavior by Richard M. Stallman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: We, the undersigned, call for the entire Board of the FSF to step down and for Richard M. Stallman to be removed from all leadership positions. We will not continue suffering his behavior, giving him a leadership role, or otherwise holding him and his hurtful and dangerous ideology as acceptable.
```

> description: We, the undersigned, are calling for the removal of the entire Board of the Free Software Foundation, for its support of toxic and abusive behavior by Richard M. Stallman.

Reviewer: I suggest we quote the document rather than using a summary (as this language is not already present in the repo). Same feedback for the graphic.

Author: I think that is a good point. Given that the title itself should be relatively short, do you have a suggestion for that? For the description I will take a verbatim section from the introduction of the letter.

Reviewer: "An open letter to remove Richard M. Stallman from all leadership positions" ?

Author: Alrighty, changes made in most recent commit:
- Change title to your suggestion
- Change description to "We, the undersigned…" from the letter
- Change text on share image to list demands in the form of verbatim text from letter
